I'm going to show you how to make the
easiest how much you have ever ever made
if there is one fresh recipe that you
must keep in your refrigerator in your
cooking arsenal it is super easy hummus
the recipe is in religious lunches I am
going to show you how to make it though
so simple all you're gonna do is take a
can of great drenched drenched rinse and
drain this chick peas chickpeas are
great because they're packed with
protein okay let's go put them right in
I'm gonna put in some lemon juice that's
what gives hummus that really great zip
you could totally buy hummus but I
promise you the fresh homemade taste is
really worth the six ingredients they go
into this one small garlic clove and I
think you'd probably think Oh garlic
clove young kids I don't know my
cookbook love garlic
tons of nutrition tip gonna add some
salt here always just finish off that
flavor and tahini you can find tahini
it's a peanut butter or almond butter at
your grocery store its sesame paste and
this is one of the first recipes that I
ever made for my kids because when they
were toddlers you know they want soft
foods easy foods to eat hummus perfect
for that all right I'm gonna whizz it up
give it just a little
all right two chopped up for just a
second we're going to add in some oil
about a third of a cup just to loosen it
up make it nice and creamy and I like to
serve this with either pita chips or
carrots and celery sometimes right
before dinner for school lunch I'll put
it into a wrap sandwich
I know you probably don't believe me but
how easy is that so simple and this
really is a great recipe to get your
kids making with you but it's wonder at
school I'm just gonna you know sit here
I'm so lunch by myself
got coalition for more fast fresh and
easy recipes like this and we're
checkout weelicious calm don't forget to
subscribe leave a comment below and of
course get weelicious lunches